**Justice is Blind**

The day started almost eerily calm for the Humble Knight. With a few hours to burn before the victory banquet, Gonathon busied himself by unearthing the final tomes of lore that still eluded her abount the kingdom. His thoughts drifting back to Immerkind , Gonathon decided that the best way he could help his lovesick friend was to win a house for her in Mordan Ramsey’s upcoming auction.

Swiftly winning the auction and gifting Immerkind the house, the two shared a heartfelt conversation in which they once again reaffirmed the vows of the pack. They were quickly joined by Tam Gandr and Mordan Ramsey, and, following a rousing rant by the queen on their victory over the Hot Pink One, [the wolf pack gathered all of its members for a final photograph](https://www.youtube.com/live/IWNcqsQxuWo?si=Px7ylmWgbXcz0b0J&t=5630), a memento of the unbreakable bond they shared.

Following one last adventure to collect lore with Tam and Immerkind, Gonathon encountered Elizabeth and Roa. Despite Roa, Liz, Immerkind, and Gonathon having no discernible link in this world, the four could not deny the innate kinship they felt and decided to take a picture together, proclaiming themselves [the Knights of Justice](https://www.youtube.com/live/IWNcqsQxuWo?si=hHBQWw5ZJWqYlvRD&t=6812).

After that, Gonathon paid a visit to Shiori of the Nyavellas (see [Gonathon-Shiori:](#edge:gigi-shiori)). Face-to-face once again with the one who he had shared so many memories with, Gonathon shared one final conversation and took a photograph with her, a melancholy but optimistic final note on their adventures together. Or at least, that’s what it appeared to be.

As Gonathon entered the banquet hall, he was approached by the Outlander, who thanked him for all the work he had done. The mysterious cloaked figure revealed [his secret identity as the Watcher](https://www.youtube.com/live/IWNcqsQxuWo?si=QUzhHUS977EJwG4c&t=7325) and earnestly proclaimed why he wanted to save Princess Iphania, his beloved “sister.” Alas, as if on command, a shrill scream was heard.

Rushing to the scene, Gonathon was horrified to find the princess and the Curse—seemingly no worse for wear following their previous battle—was standing over her corpse. The malignant entity taunted Gonathon before fleeing, leaving the shaken knight to parse what had just occurred.

Meeting with the mysterious Fia, Gonathon was struck with yet another shocking revelation: that the catlike being was in fact Princess Iphania! Setting aside the question of how Shiori could have known about Fia's secret identity, Gonathon vowed to fix the world he had come to love alongside his companions and forge his own path into the future.

But the question was, would these companions stand alongside him? For upon regrouping with the other adventurers, the most stupefying twist of all was revealed: Fuwawa, Mococo, Nerissa, Bijou, and their leader Shiori had turned their backs on the cause they had fought so hard for and had going rogue. Locking eyes with Shiori, the Archiver offered yet another seemingly simple choice: [“Are you with us?”](https://www.youtube.com/live/IWNcqsQxuWo?si=DDxWY6Ijue3gNRMc&t=7711)

So ends the second journey of Gonathon G. Throughout his many trials, the Humble Knight has learned the importance of choosing his own path and not simply living as the mindless pawn of others. Despite losing the memories of the one he held most dear, Gonathon remains committed to fighting for what he believes in. But now, with many of his friends, including the one who showed him so much kindness, seemingly standing against the cause he had fought so long and hard for, will the Humble Knight be able to stand firm? Or will he succumb to the temptations offered to him by these malefactors and sink to even greater depths?
