It was a brilliant morning for Peasant The Bae, a peasant with a whopping 13K gold, as she woke up to begin her day. She met others and they too would return her pleasantries, commenting on her new hat she had bought the previous day. Truly, the hearts of those around Bae as they [kindly inquire how she felt](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=428).

[Peasant Partner Loan (PP)](#embed:https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=1188)

Bae knew what it felt like to be poor, she was coinless just a few days ago, and thought, there might be others similar to her that might be need of some coin. With this in mind, in addition to tHE dUMPSTER, PP Loans for those in need. Of course, as Bae experienced, nothing in life comes for free and the interest rates of 150% (at a variable rate) is only fair  (to be paid back within 2 business days including day of first lent). Those who don't pay back? Well, Bae can be persistent.

Learning a lesson from The Gacharm's Roa, Bae would set up advertisements of her own, smartly styling each ad differently before quickly sending it out. Except to one; As a special courtesy, Peasant The Baa called the ever kind Immerkind to tell Cecilia about the newly opened PP Loan. Cecilia would receive a special rate of 100% and borrowed 1,500 gold. 

Bae met the Hot Pink One telling her about the new service she offers. Though like alwats, the two would then gloat about their respective wealth, to up the other, and traded barbs. Bae would refute the [Hot Pink One's accusation of Bae running a scam](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=3711).

Soon others would inquire about Bae's heath. Still rather worried, Gonathan and Bijou would ask a single question: If a wagon was to travel down trail but caught between two roads; in one way is a baby, who would only lived until 5, and the other had 5 elderly people, each having 1 year left to live, who would Bae choose to condemn? They fretted as Bae pondered her answer but calmed when she answered 'I would stop the wagon'. But when pushed to choose, Bae would ultimately decided to condemn the *baby* for [they have to kill a baby anyways](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=4026). As she answered, Bae entered a strange trance but seemed to return to normal.

Though unsure why her friends seemed troubled, Bae turned her attention to the day's current challenge: The Chronos Dungeon. Time. Rewind. Pause. The machinations of the dungeon would confuse our heroes the previous one couldn't as they made their way through. But at last, at the end only Stain King Chronos stood in their way. Like the challenges of the dungeon itself, Time was in his grasp but it was not enough. Soon another memory, Tammy's, would unevail.

[Tammy was a Queen!](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=8275) And a Time Warden, but Bae was astounded that she was in the presence of royalty all this time! But, now Bae worried - what if her own memories wouldn't be up to par? In a rare moment of comradery, IRyS echoed this sentiment. How could the Hot Pink One compare? She was drunk compared to *that*? Tammy would comfort them and reaffirm the Hot Pink One is a goddess no matter what and while it seemed that Tammy was still her same kind self, Bae gasped when Tammy, Queen Tammy, called them *plebians*. Bae may be a peasant but that is an honourable title! She got it from her mother who got it from her mother who got it from her mother. The Queen might soon turn a tyrant and turn the kingdom into a dictatorship.

With heavy hearts at their friend's change, they report back to the Princess and learnt that the ruination still spreads and the kingdom is still in danger. And as they report to Fia the cat would reveal a further upsetting news: The Outlander is the Outsider! Once The Watcher, he interfered in Libestal's fate and angered the gods (who is not IRyS). The Outsider is a true hero, only turning evil from the years of imprisonment for interfering with fate. 

Despite the rough events, a silver lining was found: Diamonds. Bae found her skills as a supplier only grew and the culmination of her hard work draws near...

[PICK OF POWER (PP)](#embed:https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=11740)

A diamond pickaxe. One maxed out to its true potential. Truly, Peasant The Bae has come so far and now her hard work has paid off. Her mother would be proud. And just like how she bears the Peasant title proudly, Bae will never forget her roots; as she finished her new axe Axe of Power (AP), she frames PP and PA in workshop. Her business would also provide this upgrade at a reasonable price, Ina being her first customer, and selling the newly found ore, Enigmatic Stones, to Bijou for a sale price. She also tried to offer her services to Queen Tammy but it seems the questionably good queen has no need of it at the moment. She would then witness [Tammy yell at the Hot Pink One](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=12995) who promptly ran away.

Cecilia would successfully also pay back her loan at the end of the day. The two would converse about their business and Bae advised her that Cecilia's kind prices could afford to be raised since the labour to improve such tools is rather intensive. Kiara would also offer legendary upgrade stones at a cheap price, which Bae was shocked by. She bought 2, as she had promised Gonathan to buy his wares later.

Just as Bae was about to go to bed, staying up late was something Mother would have disapproved, she quickly realised that there were a few chores left to be done. She quickly called Bijou to gacha a few charms, luckily winning her gambles, and would go to buy a legendary upgrade stone Gonathan to witness the [Good Knight's Marital Troubles](https://youtu.be/tEdXQofZuf8?t=14642). Astounded, shocked, and confused, Bae wasn't sure what to do but the time was ticking, and she was already past her bedtime, she would interrupt the drama to quickly finish the trade with Gonathan and slept for the day, unaware of how the Knight's night would end.