<!-- title: The Witch’s Trials -->

Love can make a person do crazy things, both good and bad. Unfortunately for Gonathon G., her inability to reconcile the love for her queen and the love for her newfound companion would inevitably lead to heartbreak. 

Following her return from Star Site: Chronos and the reaffirmation of her role as Tam Gandr’s loyal knight (see [Kronii-Gonathon: The Queen’s Gambit](#edge:kronii-gigi)), Gonathon began to feel conflicted over whether it was right for her to seek love while in the queen’s service. Dismissing these thoughts for the time being, Gonathon assured Shiori that the [strong affinity](https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=2h50m6s) they had still endured, and Shiori in turn gifted Gonathon with a ring, further cementing their bond. 

[What if when my memories return I am not who I am?](#embed:https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=2h52m33s)

These tender moments would not last long, as soon after Gonathon was called by Shakira to the destined blind date she had arranged with “the one who was perfected for Gonathon.” This was not Shiori however, but [Mordan Ramsey](https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=3h11m48s) Gonathon’s fellow wolf and new therapist. Shiori, keen to keep an eye on Gonathon, snuck up on the date and began quarrelling over Gonathon’s heart with the pink therapist. This resulted in the first of Gonathon’s many fumbles, as the hapless knight chose to [flee and seek direction from Tam Gandr](https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=3h18m18s) rather than address the issue herself. 

Upon Gonathon’s return, Shiori expressed her reservation about the knight’s commitment. Indulging in her more manipulative and wily side, the witch announced that she was going to require Gonathon to [prove her devotion](https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=3h39m36s) which included finishing the roof of her house and for the knight to swear to do anything Shiori asked for. While Gonathon was more than willing to accept, the knight had requirements of her own: that Tam Gandr live with them for at least a year and observe their relationship for any signs of misconduct. Reluctantly agreeing to these terms, the two held pinkies before briefly parting ways. 

[Devote yourself to me…no matter the consequences](#embed:https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=3h51m2s)

Unfortunately, it was here that their budding romance was savagely nipped. For upon returning to her home, Gonathon found her queen and her wife seemingly engaged in an [affair](https://youtu.be/BSPi8sTHdAY?t=4h31m02s) on their bunk bed. Unwilling to wait for an explanation, the distraught knight fled, with Shiori in hot pursuit. Alas, the witch slipped and fell to her death, which deeply shocked Gonathon. The worst was yet to come, for Shiori accused Gonathon of pushing her to her demise, and it was this final act that served as the catalyst for the witch severing their romance for good. 

Any hopes Gonathon had of redeeming herself in Shiori’s eyes were quickly dashed, as Koseki Bijou (see [Bijou-Gonathon: Rock and a Hard Place](#edge:gigi-bijou) explained to Gonathon that she had rekindled her past romance with Shiori, one that the gem was keen to not see break again. And thus, Gonathon’s second foray into love ended in tragedy. It remains to be seen if the humble knight has learned anything from this heartbreak, as it is lessons like these that will be needed in the days ahead.