Bae couldn't help but gasped at the shops that now surrounded her; what was an empty lot was now the starting of small bustling town as everyone started to build their own shop. The former Princess Bijou from the The Gacharms Shop nearby greets Bae and after a pleasant conversation opens up the idea of possibly purchasing some of Bae's wares to be included in their gacha. 

Inspired, Bae decides to set up her own - a Knickknack shop to sell items she had found whilst being poor to include a double service of sorts: with every purchase customers can get a free enhancement! With that in mind, Bae quickly used her construction box to gather mud, for it is the best suited material for a Peasant-owned shop, and Acacia leaves... Of which is vaguely familiar to The Bae. But it is not enough so, Bae sets out to gather more materials and perhaps gain more experience.

A coward no more, Bae's understanding of her Revelation and her strength as a hero grows after each battle. Soon, she is astounded by the gold she now has. Perhaps, a hero's life is not a bad one. Though, soon she is overwhelmed and must retreat 'fore she dies.

She meets Nerissa, one of the chefs who opened a restaurant, and is intrigued by the food being sold. The best Potato Salad? Likewise, Bae advertised her own shop and hopefully there might be [more business](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=1125) between the two in the future.

Bae ponders about her business - how much lapis lazuli would she need to do a full enhancement? The answer escapes her as unfortunately, being poor left much of Bae's maths skills null but fortunately, the voices in her head helped her solve that she would need 64 lapis lazuli and even suggested a fitting name to the shop: [tHE dUMPSTER!](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=1764). The Peasant The Bae's tHE dUMPSTER: Where one man's trash is another's treasure!

Soon after, she meets The Hot Pink One again and began boasting of her shop that will, one day, have things to sell and with it, a free enhancement. Afterwards, Bae seeks Bijou's advice about the emeralds she collected and ultimately managed to sell a stack (plus 5 extra) for 100 gold. Ina too later would be The Bae's first official customer as Bae would upgrade [~~scam~~](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=2714) Ina's pickaxe for 100 gold.

With newfound confidence, and more materials gathered for The Dumpster, and Bae began filling the empty lot bit by bit. To commemorate the event, she would name her beloved pickaxe and axe, PP and PA respectively, and then... buy more gacha for the [materials of course!](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=3602). No regrets were had, clearly.

But then, Bae remembers her goal: to recover their memories. With a steady breath, she makes amends with The Hot Pink One and joined her, the Consort, and Shiori to tackle the Elpis Dungeon where their teamwork and trust were put to the test. [Multiple times](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=6308). As Elpis Dragon falls before our heroes, The Hot Pink One remembers who she was. Soon after the quest is done, they reported back to the Princess and, then Fia, learnt that the Outlander is indeed a hero and is investigating the Stronghold of Ruins.

Now that Bae has gotten stronger, so did the Stains, and at her current level - defeat is all to common. She goes on a series of quests, to improve her equipment, and at last [Bae The Peasant is now Bae The Peasant with GOLD!](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=9443). But, with a price as her beloved PP axe would be mistakenly traded off. Though it was quickly replaced.

Another thing was amiss, in Bae's staying true to her Peasant nature, Bae has unknowingly slighted Cecilia Immerkind. Never fear for in the end drinks were had with celebration, the hatchet was burried and the two made up - and perhaps, an [attraction](https://youtu.be/Tiq2wmF-NfQ?t=10425) has started. Though the moment was ruined by the Hot Pink One and the two once again had heated words.

Accomplished and now rich, The Bae would write down in her journals, the words of Mother echoing in her thoughts, and finished the day.