<!-- title: Even Gods Can Bleed -->

Faith can be a fickle thing. If one's faith is rewarded, it can inspire even the lowliest peasants to commit acts bordering on miracles. But if one's faith is returned only with scorn and worse, humiliation, it can turn even the most devout sycophant into a hardened heretic. Over the course of the 

Following the destruction of the Heart of Ruin, much of the day was committed to the celebration of HPO's supposed child. However, it was not enough to have undeserved love and adoration heaped on her by all in attendance; the gluttonous goddess desired something more: for Tam Gandr to commit herself to being her child's godparent. Tam adamantly refused, but HPO persisted, dredging up horrific memories of the humiliation she had inflicted upon Tam as a means of humbling the battered queen. All of this was too much for Gonathon G to bear; goddess or no, HPO could not treat her queen this way. Standing between HPO and Tam, Gonathon presented an ultimatum: HPO would engage her in single combat, with the queen's honor on the line.

Assembling at the arena, HPO quickly experienced cold feet. Tam was quick to goad the spineless nephilim into honoring her end of the deal, for surely a goddess could defeat a mere knight? Donning the arms of a humble warrior the goddess and retainer met on the fields of battle as equals. But for all the goddess's haughty words and self-proclaimed superiority, she was no match for the skills and determination of Tam's most loyal knight and fell within seconds. As HPO writhed in agony as her divine flesh was rended by Bijou, Tam thanked Gonathon for once again always being by her side. 