<!-- title: A Bromance of Eternity Borne Under the Light of the New Moon -->

A true knight never forgets her oaths, and for Gonathon G, not the end of the world nor her aching heart would keep her from fulfilling her promise to Peasant the Bae: to attempt to sway the delusional Immerkind's heart (see [Bae-Cecilia: A Bridge to Far](#edge:cecilia-immerkind-peasant-da-bae-bottom-2-top-2)). Luring Immerkind to the fated bridge, the humble knight left the peasant to make her heartfelt plea. 

Alas, it was not to be, for the zealous green one was dead set on remaining in the past (see [Cecilia-Iphania: Loyal Knight's Vow](#edge:cecilia-immerkind-princess-iphania-top-2-bottom-2)). While she gave Bae the consolation that she would look for her in the future, this meager offering did little to mend Bae's heart, and the distraught peasant turned to [the embrace of the ocean's abyss](https://youtu.be/Br6dvhVJ_IE?t=4887). Leaping into action, Gonathon begged Bae to reconsider, and in between many bouts of kissing the depths together, Gonathon implored Bae to choose life, for as one whom love had also cursed, she knew all too well the pain of losing it.

Shocked and humbled by Gonathon's display of sacrifice all for her own sake, Bae finally came to an epiphany: that it was not romantic love that she would live for, but her children and her happiness. Most of all, she now knew she would not be alone in this quest; she had something far more valuable than a maiden to whisper her sweet nothings: a brother, one who would stand by her to the ends of the earth itself. [Bae bequeathed the flowers](https://youtu.be/Br6dvhVJ_IE?t=5214) once meant for Immerkind to Gonathon, and the two exchanged a hearty, manly handshake. They vowed that no matter what, they would always be there for one another, as true brothers. 

Some time later, [Gonathon paid a visit to Bae's hole](https://youtu.be/Br6dvhVJ_IE?t=10130) and found the once spartan side room had been transformed into a lavish sanctuary for her children. It was here Bae told Gonathon that she would be leaving on a journey of self-discovery after this. These words touched Gonathon, and she too vowed to take up her own quest. 

It is curious how the memories of HPO and Tam invoked a feeling of reveration for the wannabe god and queen in Gonathon, yet Bae's memories did little to sway her opinion of the peasant. But perhaps this was for the best, for it was through deed and experience that Bae and Gonathon were bound together. While the future for both remains murky, as brothers, they will see it through together.