<!-- title: Immortal Game -->

Despite their differences in standing, Tam Gandr and Gonathon G were very much alike. Just as Gonathon found herself caught in Shiori of the Nyavella's web of intrigue, so too did Tam find herself constantly pulled back to the false embrace of the Hot Pink One. But, while Gonathon had begun to reconcile and move towards a new future with Shiori, Tam remained imprisoned in HPO's gaol of lies and sweet nothings.

Tam began the day late to what would be the most important battle the adventurers had faced yet, but despite this, both queen and retainer committed themselves bravely to the defeat of the Heart of Ruin. It would not be much later that the two would reunite, and it would once again be in unsettling circumstances. For the heroes had, for whatever reason, put together a party celebrating the supposed birth of HPO's child, and the shameless goddess, high off the adoration of her companions, demanded that Tam submit herself once again into her service as the child's godparent. 

Finally, at her breaking point, Tam in no uncertain terms refused HPO's advances. Meeting with Mordan Ramsey and Gonathon, Mordan and Gonathon provided advice to the distraught queen, while also revealing the reprehensible depths of HPO's depravity in the number of wives she had taken. At the party, the narcissistic nephilim began taunting the queen, proclaiming she was simply a maid. Enraged by the treatment of the queen at HPO's hands, Gonathon once again leapt into action. In a stunning display of knightly skill and courage, the humblest of knights slew HPO in single combat, all for the sake of her queen's freedom. Having once again defended Tam's honor, the queen thanked Gonathon for her service.

Later, Gonathon met up with Tam at Mordan Ramsey's auction. Lamenting how poor she was, Tam's bitterness began to bubble to the surface. She spilled her guts to Mordan and Gonathon concerning HPO's true feelings: the immoral imp had dismissed her and the queen's love as simply one of many flings, a mere footnote in the goddess's escapades. Wronged for the last time, Tam confided in Gonathon and Mordan her plan: she would steal HPO's consort eternal, NinoIna, and drag HPO down to the depths of despair, just as the queen had been. Gonathon, ever loyal, promised to meet Tam early to assist in these plans. Before parting for the day, Gonathon reminded Tam that many respected her and that, once again, she should take pride in her status as Queen of Libestal.