Though things had run smoothly for Kiara the last couple of days, she found herself fretting today. Rumors of her beloved cousin's (not blood-related) marriage to Princess Iphania, charging ahead of her fellow smiths and accidentally creating a monopoly, and Mococo's lackluster sales as a jeweler troubled the knight-turned-smith's heart. This shouldn't be. Kiara resolved to support their business and buy more charms from them—and perhaps kill two birds with one stone—and gift those to Elizabeth.

Steadying herself, Kiara called Cecilia to inquire about her relationships, but Cecilia did not answer. That did not stop our Knight as she headed out to look for Cecilia. Upon meeting her, Kiara would admit to her heart being ['cracked'](https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=2990) when she heard the rumors. Unable to deny her feelings for the Princess, Cecilia would offer part of her heart to Kiara's refusal, only asking Cecilia to inform her since they are family.

[Sweet Home of Mother Matron](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=5069)

She would meet Liz and gift her the charms she had bought earlier, receiving a warm thanks from the lovely red knight. Soon, Kiara would end up spoiling Elizabeth, giving her construction boxes that they needed for their shop along with a new pickaxe. Kiara's noble heart could not help but be moved by Elizabeth and tells her if there is anything Elizabeth needs—be it coins, equipment, or help—she will be there to support her. The two of them would bond, Kiara listening to Elizabeth missing her trusty steed and suggesting 'chicken jockey' as an alternative. They would talk about their memories and how they both remembered the past when others did not. Kiara would add that blessed be the ignorant, for knowledge is sometimes painful. 

Kiara sees the struggles of Gonathon's hardship in the 1st dungeon and sends words of encouragement, hoping to bolster her fellow orange knight's confidence.

[Shakira's Smithery's Here to Serve!](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=10295)

Business is blooming before and after the opening of Shakira's Smithery, selling more of her high-quality upgrade stones to Nerissa, her first official customer, and Mordan, even refunding the latter when Mordan overestimated the stones she needed. As 'dawgs,' Kiara would fondly give Mordan a discount and receive delicious delicacies in turn. 

The Dawgs, now a pack of wolves with Gonathon, Mordan, and Cecilia, would take on the dungeon together. And carefully they must look it over, as Gonathon heard of clues that a treasure is also hidden in the Stronghold of Ruination. They find the fabled Outlander, seeing him trapped in the Stronghold that they will need to conquer to free him. The puzzles were tricky, but our heroes were smarter, and soon the Stain King Proto was defeated, the treasured disc procured, and the hero freed. To commemorate this momentous moment, the Pack would take a photo together. Kiara would share another [tender moment](https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=14003) in Mordan's tavern as they listened to the disc.

'Twas an enjoyable moment, but a Knight's job was never finished, as Kiara would report to Princess Iphania and once again meet the Outlander by the princess' side. Kiara learns more information about the Ruination and of the distrust the Outlander has for them. She headed to the Library to report the quest's success to Fia and meet Gonathon. Unknowingly, their conversation would soon spark a great misunderstanding that would shock Libestal and *all of our heroes* to their very core.

[Heart's Woes, The Good Knight's Lies](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=14392)

Gonathon would tell Kiara of his concern towards Cecilia, for he suspects the Princess and the Outlander are in love. The way they spoke seemed too tender to be platonic. Gonathon feels guilty for encouraging Cecilia. Heartbroken, Kiara would suggest that perhaps the best way is to present another option for Cecilia: Kiara and Cecilia are far, far, far cousins (not blood-related). Kiara enlisted Gonathon to wingman for her, and Kiara, in turn, promised a blind date for Gonathon and that she would watch over them to ensure a successful date.

In Kiara's journal, she would write of the satisfactions of the day. The forge is done, and Kiara and Elizabeth's relationship has blossomed, and there is still hope that perhaps she and Cecilia may one day be more than simply 'cousins.'