Being a CEO is hard work and Roa found that the start of her day felt like a (EN)Curse. But she persisted for Profit, for The Gacharms shop and, of course, for her beloved employees.

Still, Roa is a hero and so she would meet with Nerissa and Tammy, to enter the Stronghold of Ruination together. They met the Outlander and learnt of his plight: trapped in the accursed ruintouched prison, and the key to freeing him was to conquer the Stronghold. Understood and done as the trio would [defeat the Stain King Proto](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=2575) with just a few mathematical hiccups along the way.

A revelation! Roa noted that the Outlander and Princess Iphania are enamored with each other, constantly keeping the other in their thoughts. Though sadly, not an ounce of trust was given to shining heroes from the Outlander for he did not believe. Fellow feline Fia reassured them and suggested that they can become the hero Libestal needs. 

They find the Outlander and the Princess in the guest room where the Princess urged them to work togehter. Roa watched the Outlander repeated his suspicions to the Princess as he left for the next Ruins. Despite this unwarranted untrust, Roa could not help but coo at the lovebirds. Though Gonathan and Cecilia Immerkind would soon insist on a different [type of relationship between the two](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=3215). Roa interjected into the conversation stating that it does not matter for siblings still love each other and love is love. Should siblings love each other as lovers? Love is **Love**, Roa left it at that . 

Roa would meet the the Hot Pink One and be fed by her [mouth to mouth](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=3485), to which Bijou would express curiousity but Roa and the Hot Pink One explained that it is something only adults do though the conversation was ultimately null since the brothers and Roa would eat mouth to mouth to mouth.

Bijou and Roa left for their shop and Roa was impressed by the profits made while she was away. Seeing that their inventory needs restocking, Roa took it upon herself to craft more charms, completing some more quests in the meanwhile to earn a bit more gold. The business between Peasant The Bae are also quite good as the supplier brought back some Stain materials that Roa needed. But, Bae brought more than just the goods, she brought back [a startling discovery of not just the Princess and Outlander, but of the true nature of Libestal as well](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=5595). Not surprised by the news she already knew, and unphased by the newer revelation, Roa would point out a key feature to support this: the Libestians all have the same face. Following Roa's keen observation, Bijou would add that *they*, the heroes of Libestal from another world, too have similar faces to each other albeit differing in colours.

[We Are In-Bread. Glory to The Sandwich](#embed:https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=6208)

Roa is the ham in the sandwich, such a sentence may not have be spoken of before but it is nonetheless true. Perhaps the trials of the day wore down on the business woman, perhaps something mysterious has (sandwich)spread over these bread-like blocky lands. Whatever the cause, a cult was born and their goal has never been clearer: To follow the bread and turn the entire world into one large sandwich. To accomplish this, they must bring other heroic ingredients into their fold and accept the in-breadness inside them.

Shifting her focus back on what truly matters: Gold, Roa knew [advertisement](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=7655) was key to ensure that The Gacharms stayed relevant in the minds of her customers which soon proved very effective as Bae would wonder by mentioning she received the AD though had skippa skippa it. Of course, it was only natural to of course send another one to Bae and to others.

As her day drew to a close, Roa would spruce up the shop's exterior creating a much more chic design to reflect the growth of her business.
A third day done well despite the rocky start. [Glory to the Sandwich](https://youtu.be/hpyRxse4zCw?t=11221).