Though things had ran smoothly for Kiara the last few days, she found herself fretting today. Rumours of her beloved cousin's (not blood-related) marriage to the Princess Iphania to charging ahead of her fellow smithies, accidentally creating a monopoly of her own, and Mococo's lacklustre sales as Jeweller troubled the Knight turned smithy's heart. This shouldn't be, Kiara resolved to support their business and buy more charms from them - and perhaps feed two chicken with one seed - and gift those to Elizabeth.

Steadying herself, Kiara called Cecilia to inquire about her relations but Cecilia did not answer. That did not stop our Knight as she heads out to look for Cecilia. Upon meeting her, Kiara would admit to her heart being ['cracked'](https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=2990) when she heard the rumours. Unable to deny her feelings for the Princess, Cecilia would offer part of her heart to Kiara's refusal, only asking Cecilia to inform her since they are family

[Sweet Home of Mother Matron](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=5069)

She would meet Liz and would gift her the charms she had bought earlier, receiving a warm thanks from the lovely red knight. Soon, Kiara would end up spoiling Elizabeth, giving her construction boxes they would both need for their shop, and a pickaxe. Kiara's noble heart could not help but be endeared by Elizabeth and tells her if there is anything Elizabeth would need - be it coins, equipment, or help - Kiara will be there to support her. The two of them would bond, Kiara listening to Elizabeth missing her trusty steed and suggesting 'chicken jockey' as an alternative. They would talk about their memories, how they both remembered the past when others do not. Kiara would add that Blesseth be the ignorant for knowledge is sometimes painful. 

Kiara sees the struggles of Gonathan's hardship in the 1st dungeon and would send words of encouragement, hoping to bolster's her fellow orange knight's confidence.

[Shakira's Smithery's Here to Serve!](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=10295)

Business is blooming before and after the opening of Shakira's Smithery, selling more of her high quality upgrade stones to Nerissa, her first official customer, and Mordan, even refunding the latter when Mordan overestimated the stones she needed. As 'dawgs', Kiara would fondly gave Mordan a discount and receive delicious delicacies in turn. 

The Dawgs, now a pack of wolves with Gonathan, Mordan, and Cecilia, would take on the dungeon together. And carefully they must look it over as Gonathan heard of clues that a treasure is also hidden in the Stronghold of Ruination. They find the fabled Outlander, seeing him trapped in the Stronghold and they will need to conquer it to free him. The puzzles were tricky but our heroes were smarter and soon the Stain King Proto was defeated, the treasured CD procured, and the hero freed. To commemorate this momentous moment, the Pack would take a photo together. Kiara would share another [tender moment](https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=14003) in Mordan's tavern as they listened to the CD.

T'was an enjoyable moment but a Knight's job is never finished as Kiara would report to Princess Iphania and once again met the Outlander by the princess' side. Kiara learns more information about the Ruination and of the distrust the Outlander for them. She would then head to the library to speak of the success of the quest to Fia and meet Gonathan. Unknowingly, their conversation would soon spark a great misunderstanding that would Libestal, and *all of our heroes* their very core.

[Hearts Woes, The Good Knight's Lies](#embed:https://youtu.be/NBU2Yp8xKLc?t=14392)

Gonathan would tell Kiara of his concern towards Cecilia, for he suspects the Princess and the Outlander are in-love. The way they spoke seemed too tender to be platonic. Gonathan feels great guilt for he encouraged Cecilia. Her heart breaking, Kiara would suggest that perhaps the best way is to present another option for Cecilia: Kiara and Cecilia are far, far, far cousins (not-blood related). Kiara convinced Gonathan to wing-man for her and Kiara in turned promised a blind date for Gonathan and that she would watch over them to ensure a successful date.

In Kiara's journal, she would write of the satisfactions of the day. The forge is done and Kiara and Elizabeth's blossomed, and there is still hope that perhaps she and Cecilia may be one day be more than simply 'cousins'.